<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
  - Created by Osman Balci on 2021.2.27
  - Copyright © 2021 Osman Balci. All rights reserved.
  -->
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"   
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

    <!-- Do not enter tags before the composition line since they are ignored by JSF -->

    <!-- This page is constructed based on the siteTemplate -->
    <ui:composition template="/template/siteTemplate.xhtml">
        <ui:define name="title">
            <!-- Set the page title -->
            <h:outputText value="User Guide" />
        </ui:define>

        <!-- Create the content for this page below -->
        <ui:define name="editableContent">
            <div align="center">
                <h1>User Guide</h1>
                <table width="90%" border="0" align="center">
                    <tr>
                        <td align="left">
                            <span class="heading">Introduction</span>
                            <p>The BEVQ-15 is a dietary assessment tool that can monitor the types and amounts of commonly consumed beverages over the past month, including total sugar-sweetened beverage intake. The BEVQ-15 can be administered periodically to help track habitual beverage drinking patterns. This research advancement will be beneficial for monitoring and surveillance of beverage nutrition status and can help to give practitioners a tool to provide targeted feedback on beverage intake quality.</p>
                            <p>Detailed information about the BEVQ-15 can be found in the following references:</p>
                            <ol>
                              <li>
                                <p>Hedrick, V.E., et al., <em>The beverage intake questionnaire: determining initial validity and reliability.</em> J Am Diet Assoc, 2010. <strong>110</strong>(8): p. 1227-32.</p>
                              </li>
                              <li>
                                <p>Hedrick, V.E., et al., <em>A rapid beverage intake questionnaire can detect changes in beverage intake.</em> Eat Behav, 2013. <strong>14</strong>(1): p. 90-4.</p>
                              </li>
                              <li>
                                <p>Hedrick, V.E., et al., <em>Development of a brief questionnaire to assess habitual beverage intake (BevQ): sugar-sweetened beverages and total beverage energy intake.</em> J Acad Nutr Diet, 2012. <strong>112</strong>(6): p. 840-9.</p>
                              </li>
                              <li>
                                <p>Hooper, L.P., et al., <em>The Impact of Health Literacy Status on the Comparative Validity and Sensitivity of an Interactive Multimedia Beverage Intake Questionnaire.</em> Nutrients, 2016. <strong>9</strong>(1).</p>
                              </li>
                            </ol>
                            <span class="heading">Individual Questionnaires</span>
                            <p>You can create an individual account to take BevQ questionnaire periodically. Your questionnaires constitute personal information and they can be accessed only by you under your account.</p>
                            <span class="heading">Group Questionnaires</span>
                            <p>You can create a group account if you want to conduct a study involving a group of people. You are recommended to specify your group account's &ldquo;First Name&rdquo; and &ldquo;username&rdquo; as <i>Your Study Group Name</i>.</p> 
                            <p>After the group account is created, you can provide the &ldquo;username&rdquo; (<i>Your Study Group Name</i>) and password to the participants to log in and take the BevQ questionnaire periodically. Only those people who are given the confidential login authentication information can participate in the group. A participant will be unable to change the account password or delete the account and will be unable to delete any group questionnaire. Only the group account creator can perform those tasks by answering the Security Question set at the time of account creation and known only by the account creator. Answer to the security question must not be given to the participants and must be protected as confidential information.</p>
                            <span class="heading">Privacy</span>
                            <p>No personal information is recorded as part of the BevQ questionnaire. Only you can see the questionnaires you created under your individual account. Group participants can view other participants' questionnaires, but since no personal information is recorded, the privacy is protected.</p>
                            <span class="heading">Security</span>
                            <p>The BevQ cloud software application implements Salting and Hashing a Password for secure storage and retrieval with Key Stretching using the algorithm called Password-Based Key Derivation Function 2 (PBKDF2) with Hash-based Message Authentication Code (HMAC) Secure Hash Algorithm 1 (SHA-1): &ldquo;PBKDF2WithHmacSHA1&rdquo; </p>
                            <p>Your connection to the BevQ cloud software server computer is protected under the Transport Layer Security (TLS) technology. The Hyper Text Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) uses TLS to encrypt your communication between your web browser and the BevQ software server computer. If your communication is intercepted and your data is stolen, no security breach happens since the data is encrypted.</p>
                            <span class="heading">Computers Supported</span>
                            <p>The BevQ cloud software application can be accessed on any Internet-connected computer including a desktop, laptop, tablet (iPad, Android tablet), and smartphone (iPhone, Android phone). Modern Web browsers are supported including Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer, and Edge.</p>
                        </td>
                    </tr>
                </table>
                
            </div>
            <br/><br/>
        </ui:define>
    </ui:composition>
    <!-- Do not enter tags after the composition line since they are ignored by JSF -->

</html>
